Last login: Tue May 31 00:47:19 on ttys000
-bash: alias: my_python3: not found
-bash: alias: =: not found
-bash: alias: python3: not found

The default interactive shell is now zsh.
To update your account to use zsh, please run `chsh -s /bin/zsh`.
For more details, please visit https://support.apple.com/kb/HT208050.
Anujs-MacBook-Pro:~ anuj$ ruby runner.rb
ruby: No such file or directory -- runner.rb (LoadError)
Anujs-MacBook-Pro:~ anuj$ cd Documents/RSI_Compression/
Anujs-MacBook-Pro:RSI_Compression anuj$ ruby runner.rb
runner.rb:64: syntax error, unexpected end-of-input, expecting `end'
Anujs-MacBook-Pro:RSI_Compression anuj$ clear










Anujs-MacBook-Pro:RSI_Compression anuj$ clear























Anujs-MacBook-Pro:RSI_Compression anuj$ ruby runner.rb
Process starts at 2022-05-31 00:51:40 -0700
Total Tickers = 502
ticker # 1
Found a new ticker!! = SPY
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 2
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = QQQ
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 3
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 4
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 5
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 6
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 7
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 8
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 9
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = BRK.B
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 10
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 11
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 12
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = NVDA
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 13
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 14
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 15
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 16
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 17
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 18
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 19
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = HD
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 20
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = MA
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 21
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 22
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 23
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = BAC
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 24
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 25
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 26
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 27
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 28
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 29
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 30
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 31
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 32
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 33
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 34
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 35
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 36
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 37
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ACN
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 38
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 39
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 40
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 41
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 42
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 43
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 44
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 45
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 46
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 47
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 48
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 49
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 50
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 51
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 52
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = COP
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 53
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = NKE
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 54
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 55
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 56
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 57
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 58
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 59
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 60
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 61
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 62
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 63
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 64
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 65
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = MS
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 66
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 67
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 68
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 69
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ORCL
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 70
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 71
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = LMT
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 72
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 73
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 74
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = SCHW
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 75
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = AXP
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 76
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 77
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = PYPL
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 78
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 79
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = NOW
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 80
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 81
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ADP
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 82
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 83
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 84
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 85
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 86
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 87
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ADI
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 88
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 89
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 90
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 91
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 92
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 93
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 94
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 95
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 96
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 97
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 98
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ZTS
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 99
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 100
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 101
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 102
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 103
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = TMUS
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 104
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = TJX
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 105
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 106
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 107
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 108
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 109
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = BA
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 110
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 111
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 112
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 113
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 114
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 115
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 116
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 117
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 118
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 119
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 120
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 121
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = FIS
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 122
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = PXD
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 123
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = EW
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 124
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = OXY
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 125
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = EQIX
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 126
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 127
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ATVI
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 128
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 129
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 130
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = FISV
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 131
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 132
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 133
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 134
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = EL
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 135
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 136
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 137
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 138
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 139
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 140
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 141
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 142
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = APD
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 143
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 144
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 145
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = F
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 146
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 147
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 148
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 149
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = EMR
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 150
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 151
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 152
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = NXPI
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 153
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 154
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = MRNA
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 155
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 156
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 157
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = DOW
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 158
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 159
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 160
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ADM
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 161
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 162
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 163
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 164
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 165
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = DVN
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 166
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 167
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 168
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 169
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 170
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 171
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ADSK
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 172
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 173
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 174
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 175
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 176
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CDNS
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 177
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 178
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 179
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = APH
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 180
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 181
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = TEL
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 182
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 183
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 184
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 185
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 186
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ECL
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 187
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 188
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 189
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = MCHP
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 190
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ILMN
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 191
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 192
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 193
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 194
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 195
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 196
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 197
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 198
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 199
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 200
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 201
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CTSH
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 202
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 203
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = JCI
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 204
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ALL
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 205
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 206
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 207
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = GPN
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 208
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 209
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 210
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 211
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 212
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 213
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 214
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 215
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 216
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 217
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 218
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = PH
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 219
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CTAS
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 220
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 221
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 222
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = AJG
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 223
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 224
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 225
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = HES
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 226
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 227
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 228
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 229
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 230
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 231
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 232
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 233
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 234
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = MTB
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 235
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 236
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 237
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 238
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 239
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 240
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = AMP
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 241
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = FAST
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 242
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 243
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 244
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 245
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 246
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 247
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 248
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 249
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 250
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 251
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 252
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = TROW
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 253
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 254
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 255
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 256
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 257
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 258
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 259
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = RSG
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 260
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = AME
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 261
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 262
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 263
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 264
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 265
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = DXCM
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 266
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 267
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 268
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 269
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 270
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 271
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = FITB
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 272
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 273
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 274
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 275
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 276
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 277
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = WTW
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 278
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 279
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 280
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ENPH
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 281
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 282
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ZBH
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 283
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CPRT
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 284
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 285
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 286
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 287
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 288
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 289
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 290
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 291
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = DHI
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 292
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 293
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 294
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 295
ticker # 296
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ANET
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 297
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 298
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 299
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 300
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 301
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 302
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 303
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 304
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 305
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ANSS
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 306
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 307
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 308
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 309
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 310
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 311
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 312
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 313
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 314
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 315
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CEG
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 316
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 317
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = GWW
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 318
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = LEN
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 319
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 320
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 321
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 322
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 323
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 324
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 325
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 326
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 327
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 328
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 329
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 330
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = FLT
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 331
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CFG
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 332
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 333
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 334
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 335
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 336
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = PKI
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 337
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 338
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 339
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 340
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 341
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 342
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 343
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 344
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 345
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 346
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CTLT
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 347
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 348
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 349
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 350
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 351
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 352
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = RJF
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 353
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 354
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 355
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 356
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = J
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 357
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 358
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = SWKS
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 359
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 360
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 361
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = TER
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 362
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 363
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 364
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 365
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 366
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = TRMB
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 367
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 368
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CE
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 369
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 370
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = APA
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 371
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = VRSN
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 372
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = BR
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 373
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = AKAM
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 374
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 375
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = KMX
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 376
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 377
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 378
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 379
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 380
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = PEAK
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 381
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CAH
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 382
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 383
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 384
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 385
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 386
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 387
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 388
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 389
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 390
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 391
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 392
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 393
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 394
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 395
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 396
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 397
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 398
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 399
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = SEDG
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 400
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 401
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 402
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 403
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 404
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 405
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 406
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 407
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = IEX
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 408
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 409
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 410
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 411
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = INCY
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 412
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 413
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 414
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 415
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 416
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 417
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 418
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = MAS
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 419
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = HWM
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 420
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 421
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 422
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 423
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 424
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 425
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 426
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 427
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 428
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 429
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 430
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 431
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = IPG
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 432
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 433
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 434
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 435
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CRL
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 436
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 437
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 438
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ABMD
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 439
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 440
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 441
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 442
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = NDSN
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 443
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = LVS
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 444
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 445
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 446
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 447
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = PHM
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 448
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 449
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 450
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 451
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 452
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 453
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 454
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 455
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 456
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CMA
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 457
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 458
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 459
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = REG
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 460
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 461
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ETSY
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 462
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 463
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 464
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 465
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 466
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 467
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 468
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 469
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 470
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 471
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 472
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 473
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 474
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 475
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 476
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 477
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 478
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 479
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 480
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = ZION
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 481
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 482
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 483
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 484
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 485
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 486
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 487
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = FRT
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 488
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 489
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = CDAY
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 490
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 491
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = NWSA
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 492
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 493
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 494
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 495
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 496
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 497
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 498
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
Found a new ticker!! = DISH
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 499
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 500
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 501
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
ticker # 502
runner.rb:36: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:54: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
runner.rb:54: warning: already initialized constant RSIs
runner.rb:36: warning: previous definition of RSIs was here
filtered tickers = ["SPY", "QQQ", "BRK.B", "NVDA", "HD", "MA", "BAC", "ACN", "COP", "NKE", "MS", "ORCL", "LMT", "SCHW", "AXP", "PYPL", "NOW", "ADP", "ADI", "ZTS", "TMUS", "TJX", "BA", "FIS", "PXD", "EW", "OXY", "EQIX", "ATVI", "FISV", "EL", "APD", "F", "EMR", "NXPI", "MRNA", "DOW", "ADM", "DVN", "ADSK", "CDNS", "APH", "TEL", "ECL", "MCHP", "ILMN", "CTSH", "JCI", "ALL", "GPN", "PH", "CTAS", "AJG", "HES", "MTB", "AMP", "FAST", "TROW", "RSG", "AME", "DXCM", "FITB", "WTW", "ENPH", "ZBH", "CPRT", "DHI", "ANET", "ANSS", "CEG", "GWW", "LEN", "FLT", "CFG", "PKI", "CTLT", "RJF", "J", "SWKS", "TER", "TRMB", "CE", "APA", "VRSN", "BR", "AKAM", "KMX", "PEAK", "CAH", "SEDG", "IEX", "INCY", "MAS", "HWM", "IPG", "CRL", "ABMD", "NDSN", "LVS", "PHM", "CMA", "REG", "ETSY", "ZION", "FRT", "CDAY", "NWSA", "DISH"]
Process finished at 2022-05-31 01:13:21 -0700
Anujs-MacBook-Pro:RSI_Compression anuj$


["SPY", "QQQ", "BRK.B", "NVDA", "HD", "MA", "BAC", "ACN", "COP", "NKE", "MS", "ORCL", "LMT", "SCHW", "AXP", "PYPL", "NOW", "ADP", "ADI", "ZTS", "TMUS", "TJX", "BA", "FIS", "PXD", "EW", "OXY", "EQIX", "ATVI", "FISV", "EL", "APD", "F", "EMR", "NXPI", "MRNA", "DOW", "ADM", "DVN", "ADSK", "CDNS", "APH", "TEL", "ECL", "MCHP", "ILMN", "CTSH", "JCI", "ALL", "GPN", "PH", "CTAS", "AJG", "HES", "MTB", "AMP", "FAST", "TROW", "RSG", "AME", "DXCM", "FITB", "WTW", "ENPH", "ZBH", "CPRT", "DHI", "ANET","ANSS", "CEG", "GWW", "LEN", "FLT", "CFG", "PKI", "CTLT", "RJF", "J", "SWKS", "TER", "TRMB", "CE", "APA", "VRSN", "BR", "AKAM", "KMX", "PEAK", "CAH", "SEDG", "IEX", "INCY", "MAS", "HWM", "IPG", "CRL", "ABMD", "NDSN", "LVS", "PHM", "CMA", "REG", "ETSY", "ZION", "FRT", "CDAY", "NWSA", "DISH"].length


Quality SetUps = SPY, QQQ, AAPL
